feat(pagination) - update pagination component to use new SHINE design system (#2035)
StackExchange/Stacks: MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

### Components

#### Pagination

> - The next button now uses an ArrowRight and ArrowLeft icon instead of text. To apply the new styling, add the `item-nav` class to pagination items that represent the "Next" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The next and previous button now uses an `ArrowRight` and `ArrowLeft` icon instead of text. To apply the new styling, use the class `.s-pagination--item__nav`. Since these buttons use icons to represent their behavior, make sure to include descriptive text for screen readers.
```
